this is where we'll be staying for the
Hunger Games well I mean it's better
than nothing right
true but cell
I can't believe we got sucked into this
Hey look on the bright side
what bright side
you'll get to spend your last moment
with me true
that still doesn't make me happy
oh okay
well I guess you should go inside right
yeah
they've already gone inside where we've
their mana tours well at least they'll
be spending their last moments with us
better shut up
I hear you and what's with the glass
floor I don't know some stupid logic
that US capital ponies came up with
knock on the door
what
oh my god I'm so sorry Princess Luna and
cadence let's get you get out here
what
oh my goodness Princess Luna drinks is
cadency what I might ask why are you
here
we're your mentors your our Mentors
well any advice I'm in you know the
hunger games stay alive
stay alive
I'm sorry she's a bit grouchy today with
the hunger games and stuff may I come in
sure I don't mind
there are mentors oh I didn't know me
neither I think I might go to bed but we
don't have any beds and I'll sleep on
the floor
you sleep over there
we better get some shut-eye hunger games
are actually tomorrow really get it why
how did we get sucked into all this such
as life those birds don't shut up
night string no